You are invited to a two-day Software Carpentry course that will take place on
May 24-25th, 2016  (Tuesday - Wednesday) at PROTO204 in Burres-sur-Yvette,
France (Paris metropolitan area).  

Software Carpentry is a programming course for beginners, which covers most
important skills for everyday use of scientists (automating tasks with the
shell, programming in Python, data analysis and visualisation, keeping track of
project changes with git).  The course is aimed at graduate students and other
researchers. You don't need to have any previous knowledge of the tools that
will be presented at the workshop. Some prior programming experience (in any
language), although not required, will be useful.

The teaching language of the course is English (but there will be
helpers around that can assist in French).

The registration to the course is free, but due to limited space it is
mandatory.  The registration will open on May, 9th at 9am and the seats will be
distributed on first-come-first-serve basis. 

More information and registration at: https://paris-swc.github.io/2016-05-24-proto204/

The course is organized by computational scientists from the Paris area: Jan
Antolik (UNIC, CNRS), Andrew Davison (UNIC, CNRS), Loïc Estève (Pariétal,
Inria), Eric Bray (LRI, Université Paris-Sud), Konrad Hinsen (CBM, Orléans),
Samuel Lelièvre (Math, UPSud), Camille Marini (Telecom ParisTech, CNRS), Marcel
Stimberg (Institut de la Vision, UPMC), Bartosz Teleńczuk (UNIC, CNRS), Maria
Teleńczuk (Institut de la Vision, UPMC)

About Software Carpentry

Scientists spend more and more time on programming. While techniques for
writing software are constantly evolving, only few scientists have been trained
to use them. As a result, instead of doing their research, they spend far too
much time writing deficient code and reinventing the wheel. This course is a
two-day hands-on tutorial tailored to the needs of novice Python programmers or
seasoned users of other programming languages. It introduces them to modern
standards of scientific software development. http://software-carpentry.org
